First, go to AWS and open RoboMaker.
Assuming that it was already created from the previous course,
open the development environment.
Once Cloud9 is open, use the terminal to download with git, the package containing the code we have seen in this unit.
The package should be in the robot workspace.
The simulation setting can then be changed to point to the new launch file.
Build and bundle Hello World Robot. This might take a while.
Once done, launch the simulation.
This also might take a while to upload the bundle and launch the EC2 instance.
When "preparing" appears at the top bar, click on "View Simulation Job Details", which will open a new tab in the web browser.
Once the status becomes "running", the Gazebo client can be run by clicking "connect".
The code already ran, as can be seen in the Gazebo world, with the robot in a different location from its start pose.
A terminal can be open to run again the node.
Source the bash file and run again the node.
The robot will move accordingly.
Finally the node terminates.